hi Arab Jimmy I'm the host of the show
thanks for joining me via the original
form of social distancing television
what a time this is to be alive this
year is so crazy kim jeong-hoon died and
came back to life this year and nobody
even remembers it two weeks ago we were
on instagram teaching each other how to
make no need for kochia now we're
dismantling systemic racism I think
that's progress as I'm sure you know
thousands of Americans were out this
weekend gathering together risking their
lives so that their voices will be heard
oh wait no no it's Las Vegas those
people are risking their lives to play
Baywatch slot machines this was the
scene here in Hollywood yesterday 20,000
Los Angelenos marching together on the
street this is where we shoot our show
usually we've been on that Street almost
18 years I've never seen a crowd
anywhere near that big la is showing up
to March which is encouraging you know
how hard it is to get people to walk in
LA in Hollywood activism usually means
wearing a lapel pin to the Nickelodeon
Kids Choice Awards but these protests
they like the president's suits they
just keep getting bigger and bigger they
had a moment of silence at a NASCAR
event this weekend which was remarkable
and there are demonstrations now all
over the world in Bristol England they
tore down this statue of a slave trader
named Edward Colston who has posed like
he's worried someone might notice
there's a statue of a slave trader named
Edward Colston in town but so what
happened to Edward this weekend he got
thrown right into the river there were
protests not just there but in London
Paris Australia and this was interesting
a message of well I'm not sure you'd
call it support but this was the message
during a meeting of Parliament in Iran
I've retained John Bishop as Lou money
oh nothing will take there on the
conscience sheiks get if there
- is from Okayama Canadians astronema
socket Joaquin Valley chant America and
Rico the it zero means rambha Urvashi
[Music]
um thank you I guess it's the thought
that counts I don't know hey you know
was out there yesterday marching with
the protesters in Washington
America's widest man Utah senator Mitt
Romney marched to support black lives
matter and to break in a new pair of
penny loafers it was a win-win and
you'll never believe this
Republicans are mad at him for it many
of MIT's fellow Republicans are angry
furious even that he marched with a
group of evangelical Christians who have
the audacity to be in favor of equal
rights they let him have it online there
were hundreds if not thousands of posts
like this one MIT Romney
your day is coming sooner than you think
you need to hit your knees and beg for
mercy and forgiveness from God prayer
Heron's emoji repent now another racist
you should resign your LDS membership
another MIT Romney needs to go back to
Utah and stay there he can practice his
immoral ways there he couldn't even run
a porta potti really you're mad that he
marched I mean this is a peaceful
protest MIT Romney wasn't smashing
windows and stealing boxes of khaki
pants he was marching in support of
civil rights and by the way who runs a
port-a-potty no one runs those there's
no operator they just sit there for
months till a guy with a truck comes to
pick them up but I do think this is an
interesting reaction because so many of
these people claim they're fine with
peaceful protests they just don't like
looting or they don't like violence or
they don't want the disrespect to the
flag but what we've learned now without
a doubt when a Republican who marches is
considered to be a traitor to his party
is that a lot of these people just don't
agree that black lives matter and you
kind of need to ask yourself if you
belong to a party that castigates one of
its most prominent members for standing
up for civil rights maybe your party
sucks
hopefully Romney will continue to stand
up in the Senate where it really counts
and it's important to know what Mitt
Romney has always been supportive of the
african-american community going way
back
dogs out he sings that every weekend at
karaoke dokie Romney also got it from
our troller and chief who wrote
tremendous sincerity what a guy hard to
believe with this kind of political
talent his numbers would tank so badly
in Utah
that's right Romney should have done
what real men do during protests run
down to the bunker to eat a blizzard
from Dairy Queen and by the way speaking
of numbers tanking here are Trump's from
today's poll oh but that's from the
biased lamestream me what that's from
Fox News
oh no the White House is reportedly
concerned about the president's low
numbers and some of his advisors of
pushing him to give a unifying speech to
the country they might as well ask him
to dunk on Shaq because Trump doesn't
care about unity Trump doesn't even care
about Tiffany and he's literally boxed
in right now there are now 1.7 miles of
protective fencing around the White
House just when Melania thought she was
done with her tunnel protesters have
been taking the opportunity to hang
signs on the fence calling for action
remember when Trump claimed he'd run
into a school if there was an active
shooter well now he's built a little
prison for himself to protect him from
poster board not only is Biden way ahead
in the polls right now over the weekend
Joe picked up an endorsement from a
prominent Republican former Secretary of
State General Colin Powell said he will
vote for Biden and his old boss George W
Bush is also indicated that he does not
back Trump's re-election bid no living
presidents support reelecting Donald
Trump with the possible exception of
Donald Trump but his campaign does have
a lot of money and they're looking for
more in fact they sent this email to
potential supporters it says friend this
email is for Patriots only you've been
identified as one of president Trump's
fiercest and most loyal defenders and
according to your donor file you'd make
an excellent addition to the Trump army
when you become a member of the Trump
army today we'll give you access to our
never-before-seen limit edition camo
keep America great at our president
wants you and every other member
of the Trump army blap blap blah blah
blah when it comes to fighting off the
liberal mom do not pass this information
on to anyone who is the target audience
I mean that's a pretty small group
you're looking for people who are dumb
enough to fall for this but also smart
enough to know how to read and they have
a new website too army for Trump comm
where they encourage you to fight with
President Trump I feel like we've been
fighting with President Trump for three
and a half years now and while the idea
of a Trump army might sound ridiculous
their recruitment ad is hard to resist
in the Trump army we do more tweeting
before 5:00 a.m. that most people do all
day you'll get in top shape while
serving under seasoned military leaders
Colonels captains and majors you'll
fight it's at his side in the war on
Christmas and battle our great
presidents enemies like windmills strong
gusts of me
at Bette Midler so if you're white
poorly educated and deeply insecure
about your masculinity that Trump army
wants you
Trump army like the space force but on
the ground
Trump army may not be a real army may
violate the US Constitution void where
prohibited bone spurs approved
[Music]